README.md, before:

# Aimee Darling React Portfolio

## Description

To showcase my new React skills and have a place to showcase the projects I have worked on, I created this React portfolio. 

## Installation


## Usage



## Credits

[Chat-GPT](https://chat.openai.com/)

[Professional README Guide](https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/github/professional-readme-guide)

[React Project Tutorial – Build a Portfolio Website w/ Advanced Animations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmpI252DmiI&ab_channel=freeCodeCamp.org)




[4 reasons your z-index isn’t working (and how to fix it) - Jessica Chan](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/4-reasons-your-z-index-isnt-working-and-how-to-fix-it-coder-coder-6bc05f103e6c/)

[Umang Agrawal - How to deploy your Node.js & MongoDB app/ REST-API to Heroku using Heroku CLI (.env variables included).](https://www.techmanyu.com/how-to-deploy-your-node-js-7678d8fc575f)

[Camila Ramos Garzon - HTTP Request Methods - Get vs Put vs Post](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/http-request-methods-explained/)

Tutoring session with [Meg Meyers](https://github.com/femke77/)

## License

![Github license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-pink.svg)

Commit message:

added react bootstrap with 6 card titles to portfolio section

README.md, after:

# Aimee Darling React Portfolio

## Description

To showcase my new React skills and have a place to showcase the projects I have worked on, I created this React portfolio. 

## Installation


## Usage



## Credits

[Chat-GPT](https://chat.openai.com/)

[Professional README Guide](https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/github/professional-readme-guide)

[React Project Tutorial – Build a Portfolio Website w/ Advanced Animations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmpI252DmiI&ab_channel=freeCodeCamp.org)

[4 reasons your z-index isn’t working (and how to fix it) - Jessica Chan](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/4-reasons-your-z-index-isnt-working-and-how-to-fix-it-coder-coder-6bc05f103e6c/)

[W3 Schools CSS Tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp)

[Reed Barger - How to Build a Portfolio Website with React](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/build-portfolio-website-react/)

Tutoring session with [Meg Meyers](https://github.com/femke77/)

## License

![Github license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-pink.svg)
